I just feel like no one's being honest
in teaching founders this. Be early.
Don't order the most expensive thing on
the menu for a video call. Have an
appropriate background. Don't smell like
[__] Tell me why you decided to spend
time teaching people proper etiquette.
You have a lot of really young people.
They've been holed up in a room coding
and they show up encouraged by Silicon
Valley to be somewhat abrasive on
purpose. You want to be able to show up
in a way where people like, "Okay, this
is someone I can work with and trust."
>> Etiquette is a skill for how to show up
in a room with a low heart rate. You're
at the Kleiner Perkins holiday party.
You have all the venture capitalists in
the world and all the CEOs. You're at
your first company. You're like, "Oh my
god, this is my shot, but I need to
convince this person of that and make
this connection." It becomes very
transactional. If you show up like a
little Energizer Bunny, you're going to
scare vote off. You're going to project
totally the wrong vibe. This isn't your
one shot. You'll have other
opportunities. You kind of want to show
up with the self-confidence and the calm
of abundance. This is part of the story.
This is not the entire story.
Today my guest is Sam Lesson, partner at
Slow Ventures, previous VP of product at
Facebook and two-time founder. This is
an unconventional episode that may
surprise you and how interesting and
useful it is to your life. I asked Sam
to come on the pod and talk about proper
etiquette. You'll hear the backstory of
how Sam got into this stuff, but this is
turning into a big thing for him. He's
teaching classes around the world. He
published a book on proper etiquette. I
love his framing for why etiquette
matters. That the goal of learning good
etiquette is to show up in a room with a
low heart rate and we cover all kinds of
social interactions like introductions,
small talk, meals, meetings, and
basically all of the most important
things you need to know when it comes to
etiquette. I personally found these tips
really, really useful and I learned a
lot from this conversation and from his
book. Sam is also hilarious and so fun
and I hope you enjoyed this very unique
episode. If you enjoy this podcast,
don't forget to subscribe and follow it
in your favorite podcasting app or
YouTube. It helps tremendously. And if
you become an annual subscriber of my
newsletter, you get a year free of 19
incredible products, including a year
free of lovable, replet, bold, gamma,
nada, linear, devon, postto hawk,
superhuman, descript, whisper flow,
perplexity, warp, granola, magic
pattern, cash, mob, and stripe atlas.
Head on over to lennisnewsletter.com and
click product pass. With that, I bring
you Sam Lesson after a short word from
our sponsors. This episode is brought to
you by Tene Webb, the company that
pioneered AI website building before
ChatgPT. In the last 3 years, over 2
million websites have been generated
with Tenweb's VIP coding platform.
Tenweb's VIP coding platform is a
powerful way to build websites. Think of
it as lovable for WordPress front end
and backend. Users can build any website
at any complexity. E-commerce
portfolios, information websites, blogs,
and it comes with the WordPress admin
panel and thousands of readytouse
plugins. Tenweb also offers website
generation as an API as a service for
SAS companies, marketplaces, hosting
providers, MSPs, and agencies. SAS
companies can embed it via API so that
users can launch AI generated sites
directly inside of their platform
connected to their own data. Agencies
and MSPs can get a white label dashboard
to manage clients and resell under their
brand. Hosting providers can self-host
the API builder on their own
infrastructure. Check it out at
10web.io/lenny
and use code lenny for exclusive free
credits and 30% off API or whitelabeled
solutions. That's the number 10
web.io/lenny
vibcoding platform as an API. Today's
episode is brought to you by DX, the
developer intelligence platform designed
by leading researchers to thrive in the
AI era. Organizations need to adapt
quickly. But many organization leaders
struggle to answer pressing questions
like which tools are working? How are
they being used? What's actually driving
value? DX provides the data and insights
that leaders need to navigate this
shift. With DX, companies like Dropbox,
Booking.com, Adion, and Intercom get a
deep understanding of how AI is
providing value to their developers and
what impact AI is having on engineering
productivity. To learn more, visit DX's
website at getdx.com/lenny.
That's getdx.com/lenny.
Sam, thank you so much for being here
and welcome to the podcast. Blast to be
here. I'm excited to just have the
conversation. This is going to be a very
different kind of conversation. Uh I
suspect this is actually going to be
really really useful and really really
interesting to a lot of people. Useful
and interesting. That's so unlikely.
That's the ven diagram that we that we
aim for. Uh I also think it's just be a
lot of fun. So uh I really appreciate
you doing this. I want to give you the
opportunity to set the stage for for why
we're chatting through this. Just tell
me why you decided to spend time on
teaching people proper etiquette and why
should people pay attention to this? Why
is this important? I really enjoy things
at the intersection of hilarious and
useful, right? You kind of need both,
right? And hilarious just cuz you should
have fun in life. We should be working
on things that are fun and interesting.
Also, candidly, if we're being more
honest about it, like you can't it's
very hard to cut through the noise these
days. So, kind of you need humor is a
great way to cut through it. But humor
just for the sake of being funny is not
that useful. Like there has to be a
deeper truth to it. And so, you know,
with this etiquette thing that we've
gotten into, it started as many things
to do with a tweet that got escalated
into an event. It's gotten escalated
into a book and a bunch of other stuff.
I I kind of believe that, you know, you
should always There you go. You got it
with you. I've got my coffee, too. It's
like there's there's a rule like, you
know, you always want to just double
down in life, right? And so, I'd say
like why etiquette. Look, there's a
serious real narrative to like why
etiquette matters in 2025 for founders
almost 2026. Like one, you know, we talk
about software getting commoditized. We
talk about all the fear-mongering and
scared people feel about Silicon Valley
and AI and like all the things that are
going on. The net is if you want to do
business and you want to do business and
build great partnerships with team
members, you know, with companies you
want to do business with almost with
anyone. The reality is etiquette
ironically matters a lot, right? There
is a deep truth to this, right? You
especially when you're ask people to
trust you with their data, trust you
with their business. You know, this and
and when technology is no longer some
cute sideshow, but is like a major deal,
like people are worried about losing
their jobs, like understand how to meet
people where they're at, build trust,
you know, mirror kind of expected
behaviors. These are all like tools,
right? So that's the deep truth. The
shallow truth is it's kind of funny to
teach Silicon Valley people etiquette,
right? like the whole narrative for so
long has been none of this matters just
focus on your product saying well
actually it does matter and you you know
I'm wearing a t-shirt I'm not exactly
known as the most high etiquette person
in the world but I do know the rules
right and I think like that's kind of
there's some there's some it's fun and
funny as well and I think those things
are both important
>> I'm going to get into the actual rules
but just to follow that thread you had a
really great line somewhere that
etiquette is almost a skill for how to
show up in a room with a low heart rate
>> yeah this is the thing I think about a
lot is like again I think up again. You
and I are now old people, right? But
like,
>> yes,
>> you're young.
>> I feel that.
>> You you feel it in your bones. It's like
you're young, right? You're in you're at
the Kleiner Perkins holiday party. You
have all the venture capital in the
world and all the CEOs. You're at your
first company. You're young. Maybe
you're from a different country. You're
like, "Oh my god, like this is my shot,
right? Like I have all these people I
need to talk to and I need to convince
this person of that and make this
connection." It becomes very
transactional. If you show up like a
little Energizer Bunny, right, you're
gonna scare off like you're gonna
project totally the wrong vibe. And I
but I can understand why you'd be like a
high intensity moment in a lot of ways.
I think understanding how to show up,
take a beat, come in with a a mindset
not of scarcity but of abundance.
Understand how to give more than you
take. Understand how to build a
relationship, not collect business
cards. Like these are things that
actually serve you massively well. And I
just feel like no one's being honest in
teaching founders this, right? Instead,
they're saying, "Oh, no. All that
matters is your product." I'm like,
"Yeah, like the product does matter a
lot, but if understanding these rules
can be the difference between doing
really well and missing a business deal,
you know, if you show up with too high a
heart rate and you burn a bunch of mild
relationship opportunities, like I don't
know why you wouldn't want these skills,
right?"
>> Yeah. That is one way to think about it.
Like, you can be successful not doing
any of this, not knowing any of this.
and just you just you're hurting
yourself. You're
>> making it's just an unnecessary you're
creating an unnecessary uphill battle
for yourself. I'd also say that look
this goes back to like technical
differentiation where things are at. It
is true that if you bring mana from
heaven, right? Like you invent something
that is literally the next Google or
whatever out of pure thought
that sometimes none of this stuff
matters, right? Like if you just if you
fully that's it, you know, it's like
it's literally like that happens. It
happens very very rarely but it does
happen. It is about not what 99.9% of
startups are doing but if you have that
yeah you basically can get away with
anything. It is true that doesn't mean
you should you shouldn't be a jerk and
like candidly over the course of history
you need to work with great people and
like you'll be more successful if you
show up with good etiquette and rules
and context but like there are ways in
which that can trump all. It's just like
candidly not the experience of 99.9% of
startups.
>> Awesome. Okay. So let's get into it.
There's kind of you divided this book
into about 10 categories. 10 I don't
know social situations is one way to
describe it. So let's just go through
each one and just give us some pieces of
advice. Sure. And and something I didn't
mention, the reason I'm excited to do
this, the reason I reached out to you to
do this. This wasn't you like pitching
me, hey, let's talk about this on your
podcast is I was like, "Wow, this is
really interesting. I did not know these
things."
>> Cheers. I mean, again, like I think the
thing for us is I'm kind of a ship
early, ship often guy. So V1, you should
buy it now and study it because it's
good and it's going to be like a limited
edition. You know, there's a bunch of
the funny part about doing this is
people come back with a bunch of other
things we should cover, right? So I I
suspect that eventually this will evolve
beyond it. But I think the good, you
know, we're starting with some good
stuff.
>> Let's do it. Okay, so introductions and
entering a room.
>> Yeah, be early. That's the first one,
right? Like, you know, again, I say this
as someone who I'll be honest again,
like hypocrisy, you know, I I live with
hypocrisy. I'm frequently not early,
right? But you should be early, right?
Um, and you don't need to be half an
hour early. That's a little weird. But,
you know, making sure that you have some
buffer time so that again, think about
low heart rate. If you come in racing in
the room five minutes late, your heart
rate's up. If you come in, you had a
second to beat in to take a beat in the
in the waiting room. They kept you
waiting, right? That that's the dynamic
I think you want to to cultivate. Now,
if you're not late, I mean, sorry, if
you're not early, just apologize. It
doesn't need to be like a five alarm
fire. Again, it goes back to this heart
rate thing. You could just apologize
simply and move on. I've seen people
screw this up so many times, right?
Where they come in flustered and all
over the place. You're like, "It's okay.
We understand, right?" Like, uh, so I
think that's kind of a another really
kind of obvious one, but an important
one. Something I've seen, I'll go for a
few others that we talk a bunch about in
kind of is look um you want to have a
strong handshake, firm, don't crush the
person's hand. Again, this is not, you
know, practice on your friends, right?
you know, you want to repeat names back
is a really really valuable thing to
think about when you're meeting someone.
Say, "Hey, Lenny, it's great to meet
you." Right? Why? It shows that like
you're actually trying to remember the
person's name, right? Like a lot of
times people meet a lot of people. It's
like, "Nice to meet you." You move on.
First, it's going to be harder for you
to remember the person's name. Second,
it actually shows like you're meeting
them and making an effort, right, to
actually connect and say, "Okay, I'm
trying to focus on you. You're not just
a number to me, right? You're not just a
potential check for whatever it's going
to be." So, there's a bunch of things
like that. I'm kind of curious, you
know, we can go through a bunch more,
but those are some of the ones I would
think about.
>> One that I loved was if somebody else is
late, do not make them feel bad. Do the
opposite of what you're doing of what
you do.
>> 100%. And I think this is like I've seen
this with entrepreneurs and like I get
like I'm a VC. I do get scheduled in
like 30 minute chunks back toback like
all the time, especially on Zoom. Guess
what? I am frequently late. I don't feel
good about it, but it happens, right?
And a lot of times founders, most of the
time I'd say founders know that like if
I'm late, I will always apologize. I'll
try to email them ahead, etc. But then
it is what it is. And like they're we
kind of get right into it. Every once in
a while you'll have some founder who
like is super indignant about it, right?
They're like, "Oh, they're like it's
fine if you feel that way, but it's
really not very productive to make a big
deal out of it, right? Like if this is a
deal breaker for you that I was a few
minutes late, then like I don't then now
I feel like I'm wasting the next 25
minutes of my meeting time because like
I'm not like this is going to be the
wrong dynamic, right? And so I just
think there's like don't don't harp on
it. It's okay, you know.
>> Yeah. And also uh some advice on eye
contact. Share that one.
>> It's really important. Again, I think
the thing to keep in mind is especially
in an age where everyone's used to being
in front of computer screens and looking
at six different windows at the same
time. Again, people are taking their
time to meet with you or at a party.
They're like taking their time to like
listen to you. And it's just a matter of
respect to be like, I'm actually here to
this conversation. I'm not off on my
screen. I'm not like glancing around the
room. Now, look, there are some people,
we all know this, who are like literally
neuro quite neurode divergent. And
that's very hard for them. Like that
happens. And I a lot of founders have
like neurody divergence in some ways.
Like there is grace in this to a point,
but it's a thing you should make at
least an effort. I think one of the most
important things about all this stuff is
what matters in some ways is the
signaling of the effort as much as the
actual thing, right? I think is a really
big overarching theory. So, it's like
look, if you have trouble with this but
you're really trying, that goes a long
way versus just being like whatever.
>> Maybe a final tip there is around
partners, introducing the partner,
saying hi to their partner, share that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, like look, this happens
all the time. And again, in the spirit
of I'm not perfect at this either. If
you're with your partner, introduce them
first, right? like yeah uh you know
bring them into the conversation. One
great trick we talk about in the book
which I really unfortunately use all the
time, right? Is there this whole thing,
let's pretend you're with your partner
or with someone who's a friend. It
doesn't have to be romantic partner,
whoever you're with.
You're going to forget someone's name,
right? And what you really should do is
>> all the time, all the time.
>> You're going to forget someone's name.
And like what you're supposed to do, the
etiquette is say, "Lenny, please meet my
wife Jessica." You know, and like
that's, you know, that kind of thing.
Now, here's the thing. This is where you
start betting rules. What if I don't
remember your name? Right? If you have
your partner with you, you can flip it
around and say, "Jessica, I want to
introduce you." And then you kind of
like can kind of figure out how to flame
it up so that you then Lenny extend your
hand and say, "It's really nice to meet
you, Jessica." And you get to pick up
the name again, right? Or things like
that. So the way you put it there is you
let it hang. That's
>> you let it hang, by the way. I love it.
>> It's a great example of the fact like
>> if you're really in tune socially,
>> you you kind of know what's going on,
right? Like you know what I mean? Like
you're not an idiot. like you know that
oh like what is proper what this person
is doing there's a gap between it
there's a reason the reason is but it's
it's at least enough plausible
deniability of like semi bad etiquette
that leverages the social situation to
be a better etiquette right that it's
it's a useful thing to think about as a
small Q
>> I am so bad at remembering names I like
I think I have a medical issue so I just
can't remember names so this tip alone
is so good
>> and just to reinforce it so there's
almost like two ways to do this is what
you're describing either It's like, "My
wife's name is Michelle." So, it's like,
"Hey, Michelle. Meet my wife, Michelle."
And then they're like, "Oh, I'm Bob.
Nice to meet you, Michelle." Or it's uh
like make it a little more awkward of
just like, "Uh, Michelle, meet um like
like and then let it hang." Is that is
that the
>> Michelle I want to introduce you, right?
Or something like that, you know,
something like that. Or I want to
introduce you to Michelle. You look at
them in the eye, right? And then and
then your wife be like, "Hi, I'm
Michelle. Remind me your name or it's
nice to meet you or whatever it ends up
being." Look, I also for I actually have
such a clinical problem on name face
recognition that's actually runs in our
family. I have this whole backstory
which is part you know I worked at
Facebook for a long time was really into
it early on. No kidding. I think part of
my early attraction to the platform was
it was the first time you walk around
college and you're like I know these
people I just don't remember their
names. You're like oh my god there's a
resource I can study right like and this
was like a very valuable social thing
for me. So I'm with you. I have the same
problem I think a lot of people do.
Okay, let's move on to conversations.
Give us some tips.
>> So, I mean on the conversations fronts,
I mean I think the key again is to
welcome people into the conversation.
Like consider it, you know, there's
especially you see this happen
sometimes, especially when there's weird
power dynamics at play. Um, you know,
you'll see some famous VC or founder
walk into the room and then some young
startup person will like way them,
right? And like kind of almost like
flock them off, right? and they're like
really excited to talk to this person,
but you're like there's a bunch of
people around and like the more you can
be inclusive again, low heart rate,
you're not like it's not a scarcity
mindset, it's an abundance mindset. Like
I think that's kind of like the the tone
to think about in terms of like what a
conversation is and like how to how to
show up in a room and and meet with
people. Um, you know, another really big
one we we harp on a lot in the book in
in kind of a bunch of the panels is like
ask questions, but there's a limit,
right? So asking questions is great.
you're coming in, it says, "Hey, hey,
it's nice to meet you. Let me give you
my fourminute startup spiel and
everything I'm into D is like so
self-centered. It kind of misses the
point that a conversation is a is a give
and a get and it should be an exchange."
And so when you go in with a mindset of
I should ask questions, that's great.
There is doing it too much, right? Which
is when it's done in a forced way.
Sometimes I feel this. you'll meet
someone and you feel like it's the
inquisition or like all they're trying
to do is extract information to you and
giving you nothing in return, right?
Like this happens sometimes. And so I
think like again this is about balance.
This is about low heart rate. I do think
questions are a great tool to engage
someone. But don't make it six questions
in a row and make sure there's always in
some ways a give to get right. Like if
you can come in the best conversations
are coming in, someone comes in and
gives you an idea or has a point or
sparks something then you have it's like
a game of ping pong like then you can
kind of react to and it goes back and
forth where there's openness and they're
playing with you not playing single
player right is almost the way I would
think about it in a conversation.
>> So the tip here so it's basically index
towards asking questions but not like
100%.
>> Yeah. Consider almost put it this way.
Imagine you're playing pingpong, right?
Or tennis or whatever you want. Like hit
the ball back, right? That's the
question, right? And they'll hit it back
to you and then you hit it back to them,
right? Like that's kind of what the flow
should be. If you hit 10 balls at them
in a row or like you know what I mean?
Or like you know that that's kind of
like not the vibe you want to go for.
>> Yep. Awesome. Look, we talk a lot about
matching matching vocabulary. You're
going to meet a lot of different people.
you know, you want to make people feel
good and welcome. You know, I'm not
saying that, you know, you should walk
into a room and start talking in J, but
like I am saying like if you're speaking
to a university professor versus a
12-year-old, if they're using a certain
level of vocabulary words, like again,
the point is to meet people where
they're at in a way that makes them feel
relaxed and good, not try to like mirror
them, if that makes sense. But there is
a subtlety that I think really matters
to it.
>> Cool. There's a few more I'll point out
real quick. Um, connecting to this idea
of asking questions, not trying to give
your whole spiel constantly. This idea
of leaving them wanting more.
>> Yes, this is important. I mean, I think
in the end of the day, like most
interactions, let's you meet someone
you're really interested or whatever. If
we're being transactional about it,
what's the real goal? The real goal is
to leave people in a position where
they're like, "Wow, that was a really
interesting person. I'd love to hear
from them again or meet with them
again." Or maybe even better, every once
in a while this will happen. like, "Wow,
that's a really interesting person or
idea." The person who walks across the
room say, "Hey, you really should talk
to Lenny. Talk to Sam." Like, that's
kind of like you want to leave them
being like, "That's interesting. I like
to continue this or expand it." Not I
just heard this entire person's life
story. I never need to talk to them
again, right? And so, I do think
there's, you know, again, like leave
them wanting more, right? I think is
important. And that that is partially
about knowing when to excuse yourself
gracefully as much as it is about when
to enter.
>> And again, this comes back to this idea
of abundance. This isn't your one shot.
you'll have other opportunities. Uh
people don't want to feel like you're
just on them just trying to
>> I've had this conversation with so many
and I think it's a uniquely American and
honestly a uniquely Silicon Valley
thing, right? I'll go I'll go so far as
to say that which is look we're used to
especially if you're young and these are
big opportunities or big moments. People
are kind of used to this like
environment of scarcity. It like reminds
me of the Eminem song where he talks
about like a one shot one opportunity
and I think it's Oh, Eminem. Yeah. It's
a great song. It's a great song.
>> Great beat. Every once in a while before
a big presentation, you got to listen to
it and pump yourself up, right? But
like, but actually, again, in terms of
putting people at ease and building
relationships and etiquette, even if in
your heart of hearts, you're like, "This
really is my one shot." You kind of want
to show up with the self-confidence and
the calm of abundance, right? Being
like, "This is not going to be my only
opportunity. This is an opportunity. I'm
excited to be here. I'm engaged." Right?
this is part of the story. This is not
the entire story. And I think if you
kind of remind yourself of that, you
remind yourself that it's okay to not
know everything, you keep focusing on
low heart rate, engagement, eye contact,
you get so much the way there.
>> You also have a tip about how to handle
famous people that you might meet.
>> Uh I mean there's so many ways. I mean
there's a bunch of tips about I think
you know generally famous people but
like I think there's this thing which is
like not being sick of fantic is what I
basically say but also like you not
being ridiculous is almost the way I
would frame it in this conversation
right which the ridiculous is like if
you go up to Mark Zuckerberg and
everyone knows what he looks like and
who he is and you're like hi I'm Sam and
who are you like what are you doing like
it's like ridiculous right on the other
hand going up and being like you're the
most important person I've ever met is
wrong right and so there's a way Again,
it's about grace as much as anything
else, right? And recognizing that
they're people. And again, you're
playing an iterative game. And the best
thing you can do is say, "This is not my
only," as much as it might actually be,
"This is not my only opportunity to meet
Mark." And in an ideal world, when I
walk away, I'm like, "That was a pretty
nice person. Like, maybe I want to talk
to them again." Right? U now going up
and being like, "I need your email
address and phone number." It's like,
"No, let let him offer it." You know,
like that that type of stuff I think
matters. Maybe one last tip is this. You
actually start with this one of this
line of great to see you when you meet
someone versus like nice to see you
guys.
>> Well, again, Lenny, you and I probably
use this all the time, I bet. Because I
honestly, again, we go by name, face,
whatever. It's really difficult social
situation to put someone in it. Just
think about from their perspective. If
you go up to someone and say, "Hey, it's
really great. It's great to meet you."
And you're like, "We've met five times."
It's like quite embarrassing, right? And
for them, for you, for everyone. the
more I like love. In fact, I my wife my
wife of many many years who I've dated
since college has a really funny story
about this which is the first time right
before we started dating I went up to
her and I basically did a nice to see
you line right cuz and I very clearly
couldn't remember if we had met before
and we had and she remembered and so for
me this is an important one right to
keep in mind.
>> My wife is constantly making fun of me
of saying like oh like not knowing if
I've met someone before or not. She's
like, "How can you like I don't I don't
know what to do with you." So, that's a
great one. So, the line there is great
to see you because it works whether you
meet them or not. You
>> Yeah. And again, it's one of those
things where here's the thing. People
aren't dumb. If you go around saying
nice to see you to everyone, they're
like there's a small percentage chance
this person doesn't remind me who I
remember who I am, right? And there are
other ways or but like that's okay. Like
that's part of the etiquette dance to
some degree is like that's fine. And
what's not fine is it's so nice to meet
you and like we've met six times, right?
>> Yep. Okay. Um let's talk hygiene.
There's a couple there that stood out to
me. Uh tell me if I'm missing any that
you think are really important. One is
just like subtle fragrance.
>> Yeah. Don't smell like [__] right? Like
it's like don't overpower it. You know,
you shouldn't smell like you just
douseed yourself in perfume, right? Or
cologne or whatever it is. But like you
also shouldn't smell bad, right? And
like it's again, your scent should not
be noticeable is almost the way I would
put it. Um, you know, in any direction.
Uh, it's it's not you're not there's
there's there's no advantage to that is
basically what I would say.
>> By the way, this is a good uh question.
Does this advice apply both equally to
men and women? Is there anything that as
maybe as we go through it?
>> So, it's an interesting question. I
think broadly in this book, the answer
is broadly yes. I will say that there is
probably in January or February going to
be a what's what we've internally been
calling the fem etiquette course because
my wife and other women have said this
is good but there's a bunch of other
stuff that women need to know. Um and so
I I can't speak to that yet. I think the
fragrance one I would say I don't think
you want your fragrance to be memorable
for anyone no matter what your gender
is.
>> Awesome. This is a good Let me take two
t tangents here real quick. One is uh
there I heard you told a story on your
podcast about your kids and the impact
this has had on them. Maybe share a
story there.
>> Well, I look here's the funny thing. I I
literally have realized in doing this I
love my children. They have terrible
manners, right? And like there's certain
things they're like not bad at, but
broadly speaking, I have an 8-year-old,
a six-year-old, and a four-year-old. And
like I'm like, "Wow, you guys you guys
eat like animals. Like you just, you
know, you're you don't know how to use a
fork or knife properly." Again, it's not
like at four or six is not like stopping
them well in life. I'm like, you I can't
be the etiquette guy if you guys are
reading. Like, so I' I've been put and
some of them has been really cute.
Others have been really funny. Like my
six-year-old has started standing
whenever my wife comes to the table,
which is kind of arcane um from an
etiquette perspective. You can argue
about whether it's actually even really
etiquette anymore or not. But if you're
being really formal, when a woman comes
to the table, you stand right. It's very
funny to have the the six-year-old do
that. So, in our household, don't judge
me yet, but in a year, you can judge me
on my children's etiquette. It might
have to be a children's etiquette book.
>> So good. I think actually at the end you
say that uh whenever anyone joins you
for a meal, whether it's a man or woman,
you stand up as like a modern way of
thinking about
>> that might be better is what I would
say. I will say the it's a it's an
ongoing somewhat hilarious debate at our
dinner table. I'm just trying to get
them to like not use a fork and knife
like animals right now, but we're
working on it. We're working on it.
>> I was just speaking that I was just
listening to Tyler Cohen had Alex
Allison Gopnik on Okay. podcast and she
studies kids and she her whole thing is
how kids learn like scientists and she
has a whole thing about how they figure
out how to use a fork by just like
experimenting until something works
>> right like to be clear they're able to
feed themselves it works but it's like
you look at it and it's like what are
you doing
>> yeah yeah okay the other tangent is you
didn't share the uh class you actually
taught to founders already so maybe
share a little bit about this class you
taught
>> yeah so I mean the before the book we
did a we did a class specifically
initially for YC founders right uh
partially because YC Gary's Tang got
very mad about this. I'm like, "Well,
now I have to do it, right?" Because
that that's very funny. But um but um
but yeah, we basically, you know, we
gave them all certificates of
completion, but we did a class. We
hosted it was at the Four Seasons. We
did some stuff that was fun and a little
bit irreverent, like we had some very
fancy wolves basher people come in with
models and show talk about dress at
different types of events and things
like that, which was kind of
tongue-in-cheek, but but a lot of fun.
Um, we also did like caviar and wine
tasting type stuff, but then we also
spent a lot of time focusing on like the
actual meat of the matter, right? Which
is things like how to show up with a low
heart rate, how to have an abundance
mindset, you know, basic skills like
look people in the eye, shaking hands,
you know, how to eat like that shows
that you're being respectful, things
like that. Um,
>> why do you think Gary Tan was so mad at
it? Is it because he's like this is a
waste of time, not worth it, versus like
just build a thing that's successful?
>> Uh, I don't know. I mean, I don't really
understand what makes Gary Tan mad and
it's fine, but like from my perspective,
I think, yeah, I think he's just like in
some ways, again, to be clear, it's a
little tongue and cheek. We're a little
bit making fun of the fact that YC
founders do come out a little bit like
animals, right? There's like having met
with many of them, and it's not their
fault. They're like young kids. They've
been holed up in a room coding and
that's all they've been thinking about
for months or whatever. And so like when
they show up at your office to pitch you
and you know they get a coffee or
something and then they like leave it on
the table and don't ask you where to put
it. It's a subtle sign of like not being
aware of your broader environment that
you may or may not know. But like I
think it's valuable. Maybe they're like
this is the wrong thing to focus on. I
just think it's funny as much as
anything else.
>> I love it. Okay. So on the hygiene
thing, is there anything else?
>> I think the hygiene stuff I mean you
should get the book. I think it's like
fairly obvious hygiene stuff. like don't
be covered in schmutz, you know what I
mean? Like show respect. Try to
anticipate how the room is going to be
dressed and like don't massively
overdress or underdress. It's like if
you show up to a business casual thing
in a tuxedo,
you know, you're you're like you're kind
of trying to stand out. Don't be
memorable from that perspective, but you
also don't want to be memorable in the
other direction. It's like, wow, that
that person like really has no respect
for the room.
>> This actually you're getting into the
next category, which is dress, which I'm
excited about.
>> Yeah. I mean dress like look I got to
say again in terms of know the rules but
don't always follow them. When I my
first job out of college I was an
associate at baiting company right this
is like a consulting firm and there was
like a business casual and I kind of
came up with the snarky realization that
there was a minimum dress code but there
wasn't a maximum dress code. So, I
started in the office as somewhat of a
mini rebellion in the consulting firm,
what we called tuxedo Tuesdays, where
all the associates would wear tuxedos to
work, which then meant we didn't have to
go to the client meetings because they
would never take us to client meetings
and tuxedos. So, it's like a like, you
know, again, you know, the rules to
break them. It was fun. But I, you know,
I do think from a dress perspective,
again, I think the real thing is like
look put together, look like you cared,
look like you made some effort, but you
don't don't overdo it is basically the
upshot of the most simple way to dress.
Unless unless you're trying to very
intentionally break a rule, right? Um,
which maybe you are, but I think you
should do that with a lot of cultural
understanding. Let's put it that way.
>> Uh, so here's a couple tips that I love.
So, one is just dress one level up as a
really simple tip.
>> It's an easy way to win. Not two, not
three, but one.
>> And often times you can like reduce
that. Like if you have a suit on, you
could like take off the jacket and
you're less a little less formal.
>> Yeah, 100%.
>> And then you talk about fit of the item
versus the brand.
>> 100%. Like like at the end of the day,
fit is everything, right? I say this is
again you guys all your listeners have
to understand part of my joy at doing
this is there is some level of hypocrisy
in it, right? Because like but which is
great. Like you got to have a little bit
of that in your life in terms of how I
myself behave sometimes. But look, in
the end of the day, like a well-fitting
$20 shirt is way better than a
misfooting $500 shirt, right? And
candidly, like it's the same thing. It's
like if you're a startup founder, you do
want to kind of dress to the level of
the room, but you kind of shouldn't show
up in like like you shouldn't have a
Rolex, right? It's like very classless,
if that makes sense, to like show up as
a startup founder with a Rolex, right? U
it's just not again it goes back to
heart rate, trying too hard. You know,
you're not going to trick anyone, right?
Is the upshot, right?
>> Yeah. The spit of our brand and just
expensiveness of the item is such a big
one that I think is I think people don't
realize just like it could be a pretty
cheap thing that if you get tailored in
some small way it just looks so much
better even if it's not the highest
quality item.
>> 100%. I mean again I I would put put
differently think about the average
person not every person in the world but
the average person in the world can look
at a suit and be like intuitively that
seems like it fits the person or
doesn't.
>> Yeah. Most people can have no idea what
things cost, right? Like if you said
like, you know what I mean? Like it's
just not. And like so in some ways it's
this weird thing where it's like if you
show up at a super misfitting but very
expensive item, you're like what signal
are you setting? It's like, well, you're
not very aware, right, culturally,
you're not like matching the room.
You're not showing a lot of sensitivity
like to the situation, what people
actually can prioritize. And it's like,
are you trying to impress me because you
have a fancy outfit? Like what what are
we talking about? One other tip you have
is if you're not sure the level of dress
just ask. Yeah, this is a big thing in
general which is I think people are
afraid to ask in all sorts of situations
you know down to like which forks should
I use you know you know or what's the
expect like it is absolutely fine to ask
in fact if anything it shows a level of
confidence and calm and humility to ask
if you don't know right so I actually
think this is a great example there's
absolutely nothing wrong with asking
about dress about etiquette about
expectations you know I don't again it
goes back to this whole give to get. If
you get someone on the phone and you ask
them a hundred questions about
etiquette, at a certain point you're
like there's no that's not a p game of
ping pong. Like you're not g but like
it's totally fine to call be like hey
like what's you know what's this going
to look like? And by the way it's
important because in New York versus San
Francisco there's different expectations
like people do do things differently and
like your job you're you're not expected
to to know every nuance of every culture
you might enter. So maybe as a final
question in dress, do you have any just
I don't know tips for dressing well? I
know this is a big question that a
professional spend time teaching and
charging for. I really, you know, I
think the answer is find someone in your
universe who you think dresses well and
again ask them for help and like what
makes sense if that makes you know from
that perspective. Again the welltailored
great the that makes a lot of sense. the
like basics I can say yeah like have
jeans that are clean right and like fit
you things like that but again when my
wife listens to this podcast episode and
hears me being asked about specifics of
dress she's going to she's going to be
chuckling great
that's a win okay let's talk about
dining some advice for uh etiquette
during dining
>> tip well right uh
don't don't not tip Don't tip badly, you
know, don't be super stingy about, you
know, okay, who ordered the flambe, you
know, like split bills evenly. Make
things easy for waiters. Um, in general,
it's don't order the most expensive
thing on the menu. Does it really
matter? Especially to like an investor.
Do they really care? No, they don't
really care, but they do notice and
you're like, ah, you're the type of
person that like is truly insensitive to
what things cost, even if it doesn't
actually matter, right? So, I think
there are things like that. same wine
like and then I think look in the terms
of asking ideally don't order first
right because I think if you see how
someone like are we doing starters like
what like what how long is this meal
going to be like there's a lot of times
in dining situations you don't know and
the more you let someone else set the
tone and then match that tone the better
like you kind of want to go middle of
the pack to last if that makes sense. Uh
>> so this yeah so this in the situation if
someone takes you out to dinner like
it's a VC another found like someone
invites you
>> partner or whatever whatever it is.
Yeah. And look, I I think I always say
in terms of this, which I obviously
think is important, is like look,
within reason,
always offer to pay. Now, you should be
turned down, right? If you go out with a
VC, right, and you're like,
you know, you put a card down,
99% of the time, they be like, I got
this. Like, please, like, this is don't
worry about it, right? And like that's
the right vibe on it. You do not need to
do this if it's a $10,000 dinner. or if
they've ordered a super expensive bottle
of wine, like there there are limits to
this, right? But if you go out to a
normal dinner in a normal situation, you
don't offer to split it. You just offer
to pay for it, right? And then, you
know, you should be declined on that.
But there is a little bit of a risk
there because someone might not decline
you and then you kind of are on the hook
for it. But that is, I think, the the
polite thing and the polite way to
approach it.
>> What if they're just like a like a
billionaire? I just had dinner with like
a very successful VC and I did not feel
like offering to pay made sense. Would
you still Yeah. I actually would I think
it depends what the dynamic is. If the
billionaire ordered a $10,000 bottle of
wine, you don't need to offer, right? If
you had a normal meal, right, I actually
think it's great to offer. And they'll
almost certainly be like, "Of course
not." Right? Um
>> but I will say, you know, I'll tell you
a funny story, which is like when you go
out to with dinner to really fancy
people, right? Or like someone who's
like you're, you know, there are two
interesting dynamics. One is it's
actually I think especially nice to
offer and even sometimes pay because the
reality is if you think about it they
obviously don't care about the money but
no one does that right like they're like
well clearly you should pay and so the
more you're like oh no like like I'm
treating us like this is a conversation
in equals and like I'd love to offer or
just pay as big. The second thing which
is important is if you're especially if
you're out to dinner with someone who's
very very well-known, you have to tip
like crazy because the problem is this
is like one thing. This is like a this
is not in the book. This is like a 2011
course, right? But if you go out with
someone like, okay, they're either known
or relatively known and you're making
the gesture of buying it. Not cuz they
obviously don't care about the money.
It's more like the gesture that's nice
that you would offer that. you kind of
have to tip the way they would tip and
they're gonna tip like a 100% of the
bill, right? Because like it's just like
the right thing to do. And so I do think
you like if you're gonna do that, you
really have to tip well. Got it.
Speaking of tipping, my god, I hate
tipping so much as a concept. Like
obviously people deserve to be paid
well. And I love that you know they make
more money, but it's just so convoluted
and just like what the hell do I do? I
never know.
>> Tip a lot.
>> Tip a lot. Okay.
>> Just tip a lot. Like I think 10 20% is
the minimum. Like if you're out in like
a a situ, you know, I think you kind of
want to tip in my mind
>> to the level of no one you're
effectively paying for would bat an eye
that you're being stingy is the way I
would think about it. 20% feels like the
minimum. 30% sometimes like more seems a
little bit silly, but it's not it is a
squirrely topic and I just I don't again
let me put it this way. I don't think
you want your tip to be memorable is
almost way to put it. like this is not a
thing to focus on when you think when
the person that you're out to dinner
with thinks back on their dinner on the
dinner a month later they want to think
about the content of the conversation or
what the ideas were or the business
opportunity they want to think about oh
my god that guy tipped an incredible
amount what was that and by the way I I
have stories in my own life where like
I've been out with people and they've
tipped like so much that like a decade
later I remember it and I'm like that's
fine they can afford it like it's like
cool that they did that for the server
but Honestly, the only thing I remember
for the night is how much the person
tips.
>> So you're just Okay, but I think if
you're like extremely rich, do you do
it? Don't even tell anyone basically,
but feel free to do it obviously.
>> Sure. Yeah. I mean, you don't really The
tip is not a point. The tip is like
everyone should feel good about it,
right? Like and like again, there's
about it's about again putting people in
a sense of ease and comfort and you
might not like it and it might not be
fair in the world, but people are like
everyone's being taken care of. I can be
relaxed about this is kind of what
you're going for. I recommend your next
book after this fem ficit fee uh edition
is a tipping guide.
>> A tipping guide. Well, you know what
would be funny is there's a great
episode of um Seinfeld. It's all about
the tipping calculator. I don't know if
you're a Seinfeld guy.
>> I love Seinfeld. I don't remember.
>> There's a great tipping There's a great
tipping episode. I feel like you could
honestly like have a very funny like
modern LLM app that is only about
tipping. Like imagine like a tipping app
where it's like
>> it's like instead of a tipping
calculator, you take a picture of the
bill,
>> geolocates where you are, you kind of
give it you're like this is the
situation and it's like it just tells
you what to tip.
>> Well, what like the tip like a
restaurant's one thing, but then it's
like the garbage person,
>> uh a gardener, the
>> especially especially this end of year
like we're at the end of year like I I
think no one knows how to tip anymore.
>> It's so like Yeah. Some guy that like
installs the shades in our house. Do I
>> Do you I don't think you tip that
person. I I actually Do you tip that
person?
>> No, I I did not cuz that just because we
already paid a bunch of money for this
thing.
>> Yeah. No, I I feel like that is weird. I
wouldn't tip
>> people like that.
>> Yeah, that's that's why we need this
book. This is You're going to make it's
going to be a huge hit.
>> We could fund it. You want to fund it
with me? We should fund an app. Talk
about YC companies. If someone pitched
me in the terms of funny but real. If
someone pitched me the 2026 AIdriven
tipping calculator,
>> which gives the social situation and the
details and the all the things and it's
like this is how much to tip. That is
hilarious and probably quite useful
>> and probably not venture scale but I
don't care. I
>> 2026 it might be you know everyone has
the problem. Everyone globally has the
same problem which is tipping.
>> Yeah. Just the tokens uh cost of that.
It actually reminds me I'm reading one
of my sons right now the third book of
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
>> and I don't know if you've read the
series. It's important. Do you remember
about the what's Bristoatics
mathematics? So basically the idea is
that after the improbability drive the
way they're able to move across the
universe is the most complicated math in
the universe which is the math of your
bill at a restaurant.
So I think we're on to something. It's
in science fiction.
Oh man. What other tip that I just
thought of as around dining is you had
this tip about somales. Give them a sip
of your wine if you order something.
>> Yeah. If you if you order something nice
that I'll be very clear again in terms
of
>> I don't order a very nice wine. Yeah.
>> No somalier really cares what I'm
drinking. But if you are doing that or
you're into it, which is great again
like think about being generous, right?
If they're like, "Oh, I would love to
taste that." Like a taste. It's great.
>> I love that. I would love to do that.
That sounds really nice.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay. And one other tip here. I
wrote down uh B for bread, D for drinks.
Tell explain that.
>> Oh, BD, you just got to look at your
hands, right? B's and D's for so which
was your bread plate. Uh right, is kind
of the way to think about it. And look,
people get this wrong all the time. You
sit down at a big table, right? And
you're like, uh, which is mine? You're
kind of waiting for someone to pick it
up and kind of do the math. I'm like,
okay, that's my bread. Um, but that's
the B and D is useful. Uh, also like
look, forks and knives, like just
knowing what side they go on, knowing
one guy always drives me nuts. um that
kind of goes is related is the knife
blade goes in, right? People when they
put their knives down, right, the knife
blade goes in for because you know like
you don't want to like stab your partner
next to you, but like it was really
funny. I had an entrepreneur, this is
not yet a product thing. People started
sending me videos of them like dining or
situations and ask for feedback, right?
And I recently had to give feedback to
an entrepreneur who's like, "You did a
very nice job eating your soup. Good
job. Your napkin should have been in
your lap." And your knife is pointed the
wrong way.
>> Okay. Napkin actually. Okay. So, napkin
and lap.
>> Napkin and lap. Not at your neck,
>> not off to the side, you know. Napkin
and lap.
>> I saw someone once had a napkin on just
one leg versus both legs. Any opinion
there?
>> I mean, I don't think you want your
napkin placement to be memorable.
>> That's kind of my biggest thing is like
these are not the point about etiquette
is that it gets you out of the way,
right? It shouldn't be memorable.
>> Like the Kindle, you don't want to think
about the technology.
>> No, just you just let the conversation
flow.
>> Yeah. Okay. Amazing. Okay. Uh, speaking
of conversation, small talk and humor,
give us some tips.
>> Here's the thing. Humor is great. I love
humor. It can be overdone. And again, it
shouldn't be the point of things. And
also, I'd say humor is quite conditional
and subtle to the to the audience. So,
like in the the room you're in, dirty
jokes, right? Do you tell a dirty you
don't want to tell a dirty joke in the
wrong room. uh you but I think the thing
the thing about humor is it kind of
there's this interesting subtlety to why
it's so useful in social studies which
is one it kind of shows you the ultimate
mastery of a social situation if you're
able to tell a joke which is right up
the line or even pushes it one degree to
show your own comfort in the space right
it's the ultimate demonstration of
comfort in a space is to tell a joke
that's a little over the line or a
little off color but not too off color
it's like the ultimate thing so like if
you're really in it and like feeling
good using humor is great. You should
not be remembered as only the comedian.
And again, like the level of jokes that
you're playing with is like a very
subtle thing, right? So, you don't want
to tell a knockk knockock joke, right?
When like with adults, right? But the
off-color sex joke that is hilarious,
you you you got to be pretty confident
before you tell it, right? In space. Uh
the last thing you want, like a joke
that everyone laughs at is great. a joke
that no one laughs at is a hu it's like
a huge risk maneuver. You've failed,
right? And like it's not the point. So,
it's a great tool. I love it. Like I
think everyone should have their file of
jokes. I do. I don't know about you, but
like I have like a Evernote. It's not
Evernote anymore. It's like a bear of
like my favorite jokes and I they're
loosely ranked and from least offensive
to most offensive. Um because like I
forget the jokes, but like you know, you
kind of want to use humor sparingly and
smartly.
>> This is your next book. This list of
jokes.
>> List of jokes. ranked by like social
situation and like level of extremess.
>> Everyone's going to be telling these
same jokes.
>> Oh man.
>> Well, there is a there is a funny joke
about that, right? Which is the whole
the prisoners. I won't even tell it.
It's a funny there's a funny joke about
people who know all the jokes.
>> I'll leave it at that. I'll leave you
hanging and wanting more for our next
podcast conversation.
>> Abundance. Okay. Uh you also recommend
self-deprecating uh as a
>> make fun of yourself, not other people.
>> Yeah. I mean, that's it's just like you
can make fun of yourself as much as you
want, right? Um, again, making fun of
other people shows an incredible level
of familiarity, right? And if it's if
it, you know, if you're there with your
business partner and you're really
feeling the vibe and you again, it can
be quite effective, but the second it
feels disparaging or people aren't on
the same wavelength, it's a very
high-risisk maneuver. Making fun of
yourself is always fun. Here's a puzzle
for you. What do OpenAI, Cursor,
Perplexity, Verscell, Platt, and
hundreds of other winning companies have
in common? The answer is they're all
powered by today's sponsor, Work OS. If
you're building software for
enterprises, you've probably felt the
pain of integrating single signon, skim,
arbback, audit logs, and other features
required by big customers. Work OS turns
those deal blockers into drop-in APIs
with a modern developer platform built
specifically for B2B SAS. Whether you're
a seedstage startup trying to land your
first enterprise customer or a unicorn
expanding globally, work OS is the
fastest path to becoming enterprise
ready and unlocking growth. They're
essentially Stripe for enterprise
features. Visit workos.com to get
started or just hit up their Slack
support where they have real engineers
in there who answer your questions super
fast. Workos allows you to build like
the best with delightful APIs,
comprehensive docs, and a smooth
developer experience. Go to work os.com
to make your app enterprise ready today.
>> Also, so you said you had this kind of
list of jokes that you because I I can't
remember. I have zero jokes in my head
that I'm like, "Okay, here I'm going to
get one." So, I should make a list.
>> Make a list. I I got some good ones for
you.
>> Okay, I'll have to borrow some. Uh, you
also recommend having some stories, some
crowd-pleasery kind of stories to tell.
>> Yeah, you want to have some easy stories
that again, like it shouldn't be 10
minutes, right? But again, I think the
thing about is like imagine that the
whole game in these social settings
again is putting other people at ease,
making them feel like you understand
them and the room and you're a
trustworthy person and on the same
wavelength. And in some ways, think
about it as like who's carrying the
conversation. It shouldn't be your
monologue. You shouldn't force them to
monologue either, right? And that's
where questions come in and back and
forth having a fun build on story. They
tell a story, you have a story to tell.
Like again, I really think of it as like
a conversation or these social
interactions is a pingpong game, right?
And like you kind of want to have a few
of those in your arsenal.
>> Your last tip in that section was how to
wind down a conversation. Just the
importance of realizing it's time to
wind down. Any tips for how to do that?
>> Yeah, just like when the conversation is
over, gracefully leave basically the
upshot. You people the worst is like the
conversation ends and the person just
stands there and you're like, uh, I'm
going to go get a drink, you know, or do
you want And then every once in a while
the person will be like you're like if
someone says to you in a conversation
they wind it down. It's like I'm going
to go grab a drink.
Most of the time that is not an
invitation to say like I'd love one too
and follow them to the bar, right? Like
that that is not. So like I just think
you have to kind of recognize the signs
effectively when the moment is passing
or it's time to move on etc. Um and then
like respect it. Uh that's what I would
say.
>> I I use that one all the time. Is there
is there any other ways you find useful
to wind down a conversation? just going
to get out of a conversation.
>> Well, I I think I think the other thing
people do frequently, which again is
totally fine if done respectfully, is
bring someone else into the
conversation, right? Like in some ways
like give them their next partner, you
know, be like, "Oh, like I've enjoyed
this conversation. It's super cool. You
know, you know, by the way, have you met
Steve? Let's go meet Steve. Go talk to
Steve for a bit." Right? And like I'll
pick you back up. I'm gonna Okay, I'm
going to go say hi to my wife. You know,
like there there's ways to handle it
again. Like the key though is subtlety
on these things, right? Like I think in
all things like you want to basically
let people feel respected as much as
anything else. So if you if you're too
overt about it, right? Um you don't give
them even if everyone kind of knows
what's going on, the key is to give them
like plausible deniability to themselves
and the community effectively that like
we've wound down this conversation. So
you have to kind of look for the signs.
>> Awesome. Okay. Uh there's four more
sections. Uh the next one is scheduling
etiquette. Give us some advice. Oh,
well, like I think I'd like to say that
I'm fairly famous for hating Calendarly.
Um, there was a I actually I I think I'm
not overstating it when saying there was
a period where Calendarly where I
personally had driven most of their
growth for the month. I got messages
from the board because I went on this
diet tribe about how much I hate Countly
and how disrespectful it is. And
apparently this was such an internet
fervor. I got like millions of
engagements that meaningfully drove
their month. Um, thank no bad press.
>> No bad press. No bad tweets. Yeah. So, I
think like look, there's a few obvious
ones. When you're make sure you have
availability, you know, like if you ask
someone to schedule with you, it's not
always wrong to be like here's my
availability or here's a link, but like
make it real. Like you have to give them
real options. You know, the default I
really strongly believe the default
should not be calendarly. The default in
most situations, especially if you
recognize the power hierarchy, the
busyiness hierarchy. If you're the less
senior person, if you are the less busy
person, you should let the other person
tell you when they're free and then make
it work on your end, right? Uh is what I
would say. And it's fine if the first
thought doesn't work, but the one of the
first three really needs to, right? So,
I think that like in some ways that it's
important to kind of respect that it's
better to ask what they can do and then
move your schedule. If you really can't
and you're going to use a scheduling
agent or something, it just needs to
actually have real options is basically
I think a thing that comes up all the
time. Um, look, rescheduling happens.
When you do it, give notice as much as
possible. Uh, once you're asking for
rescheduling, you need to be even more
accepting of what the other person can
do, right? I think is really important.
Like if you're asking to reschedule, you
basically within reason need to make it
work for them, right? Uh, is what I
would say. And then look, I I think like
there's like obvious stuff that people
should know but sometimes forget. Like
time zones are really tricky. People
screw them up all the time. Check. It's
it's worth the extra check to make sure
you're not both scheduling uh you're
getting the numbers right but then also
really importantly scheduling at like
reasonable times like sometimes people
like I want to meet at this time you're
like you're on EST you're that's like 4
in the morning for me right and so like
I think being respectful of that and
just asking I think is super important
it's not rocket science it's important
last point I make which you make in the
book is like you really need to respect
EAS and PAS and the whole people like
this is the the number one look way to
look extreme extremely classless is to
not respect people who are helping the
other person, right? U like this is like
the number one thing. Now, you don't
need to be so overthe-top ex like you
don't want to overdo it, but there
should be this deep well of like respect
for anyone who's helping you, whether
that's a server or a PA or an EA or
whatever there. This needs to come with
an extra gesture of respect. That means
saying thank you when they schedule and
like following up with them and things
like that. There's a I'll tell a story.
When we were selling our company to
Airbnb, we had this guy helping us sell
the company and he made it a big point
to build a good relationship with the EA
and office manager at Airbnb because
they if they like you, they'll it helps
it helps you get the thing.
>> Make the general story of like make the
gatekeepers happy and like you is true,
but I I I do think there ways to overdo
that for what it's worth. It becomes
almost too transactional. if you show up
with flowers for the EA, you know, like
you better be damn confident like in
what you're doing, if that makes sense.
But yeah, um just like the small things
go a long way. Like you just, you know,
make eye contact with them, thank them,
respect them, you know, ask, you know,
if if they bring you a coffee cup, ask
them where to put it when you're done.
Like don't treat
people who you might and who feel like
the team or the staff feel that way.
Make them feel like part of the team at
equals. The Kalanly stuff. I feel like
that's its own separate book of
Calendarly etiquette.
>> Yeah, the look
the Calendarly is one of my favorite my
favorite episodes of going hyper viral
on something hilarious.
>> So, one thing that Cali does is you can
like embed I don't do this yet, but I
should. It feels like just embedding
your times in the email feels like a
good
>> Look, I'll be honest. I go the other
way. Like I I really um I don't use any
of that stuff like um and and look, I
think scheduling is like very
complicated. This is part of it is you
know I always think of these like when
are you free? It totally depends on
who's asking. if Barack Obama or I don't
know, I won't say Donald Trump, someone
wants to meet with me and it's like four
in the morning my time, right? Or like
I'm totally news. You know what? I'm
gonna make it work, right? And like so I
do think like I'm actually kind of
against the like flat hierarchy. All
meetings are the same. That does mean
honestly I think you probably knock me
is like my bet is that my calendar moves
more than most people's and I'm sure
that feels disrespectful to some and it
is like I want to be really clear but
it's also the reality of trying to
balance these things.
>> The other uh flaw with Calendarly I've
realized someone once figured out my
Calendarly URL and just booked a meeting
with me like a founder wanting to pitch
me and then I was like it was on my
calendar. Like
>> the funny one I've had is there are
people whose names are very similar to
other people I know
>> and every once in a while I've ended up
like accepting a cold meeting and
showing up being like you are not the
person I expected because it's like I
was like oh your name is off by one
letter
>> that's cool
>> that's not a thing to call out by the
way from an etiquette perspective once
you're committed to the meeting you're
doing the meeting even if it's the wrong
person. Oh man. Okay. Uh well one last
question with calendarly. Something I
try to do curious to get your take is
like okay someone want like a founder.
I'm meeting with a founder and uh I'm
the way I approach it is like okay do
you have a calendarly or or something I
could use to book a meeting with you? If
not in parenthesis here's my calendarly
in case that might make it easier.
>> Yeah I think that's perfectly fine.
Right. In terms of the way to do it I
just think again the key is to make it
easy for the person you're trying to do
business with. Right.
>> And not make Yeah. And that make them
feel like they have to do the work if
they don't want to.
>> No, you do the work. Like basically,
you're asking for something, you do the
work is the upshot.
>> Okay, sweet. Moving on to the next
topic. Communication. Don't use emojis.
>> Try to proofread your stuff. Get to the
point quickly. Assume the person you're
reading is busy. Like, again, I I think
these are all the types of things that
like none of this is rocket science from
my perspective. But people, it's just
good to remember, right? And be on top
of it. Um, you know, I I I I do think
people have different things on this. I
personally do think that on things like
email, you kind of do have an SLA to
respond. There's some people I know who
are like, "Email does not mean I have to
respond. You send me an email, you may
or may not get a response. It's
completely up to me. I have no contract
to respond to your email." I I
personally go the other way, which is I
feel like from an etiquette perspective,
like I don't owe you a 12-page essay,
but I do owe at least an acknowledgement
quickly, right, of what you've sent?
Like you don't want to leave people
hanging. But again, I don't I just think
it's like if you read an email, I'm
sorry, if you write an email, imagine
you're receiving it. How does it feel?
Right? Does it feel like you're asking a
ton of the person you sent it to? If you
send them 10 paragraphs, it's annoying,
right? You're like, "Okay, I have to
read all this. What am I going to find
time? Like this is like you're asking a
lot. It's kind of like a monologue in a
conversation. You've just said I'm going
to spend 10 minutes talking at you,
right? And so I do think keeping it
short and to the point, you know, not
being silly, not using emoji, trying to
make it readable, like these are all
important things.
>> Say more about the emoji piece. Like is
your advice just no emojis if it's a
business?
>> I think emojis emoji from my perspective
is very it's like a it's like quite a
step of familiarity if that makes sense.
If you uh from a business context, like
look, if someone sends you a smiley
face, you can respond with it. Like you
can kind of like match. Again, it goes
back to this matching vocabulary and
language. Like I'm not saying you should
be totally cut and dry, but it's kind of
I would say emojis almost feel like
jokes to me, which is like tell them at
your own risk and they're probably not
worth it, you know?
>> Awesome. Okay. I do use emojis. I use
like the the thank you hands one a lot.
And
>> look, I think text is different. I think
people might have slightly different
takes on this and so I wouldn't say
anything I'm saying here is dogmatic but
I'm just saying that like again emojis
are not highly legible to most people.
They can mean lots of different things.
They usually have cultural connotation
to them and like I would say that like
they're kind of harder to read than just
a well-worded simple to the point email.
Um and I think you just want to come
across as like a literate to the point
simple clear person. An emoji sometimes
kind of implies used AI to generate this
thing because JGBD loves emojis.
Totally. I also like look I mean there's
a whole we want to get you want to get
spicy for a second.
>> Yes. I don't know how I feel about
people who have like invested too much
in their emojis, right? So you get
people who have like changed the colors
of their emojis from the default or
whatever. I'm not saying not to do it.
I'm just saying it's quite a statement
is my view that you've invested in your
emoji pack or like using special emojis
people haven't seen before or like it's
like again it's a subtlety and you got
to understand the room and like the
culture and like what you're responding
to. But I I I do think that people read
more into that than people want to be
read into it.
>> You know what's crazy now? I don't know
if you've seen this. You can like create
your own emojis now in iOS and emojis
are so
>> it's like a whole new world. just in
>> again it's like if you choose to use
those
you are going way out on a limb right
that people are going to be receptive to
that and not be like this is a person
who spends a lot of their time
customizing their emoji pack when they
probably should be doing something more
interesting
>> they should be finding product market
fit
>> yeah or learning etiquette
>> the other tip you had that I loved which
is uh think about the order of the
emails when you're emailing somebody
>> yeah I I do think you kind of want to
think about you There is a connotation
to who you send it to and who you CC and
the order in which people know now I you
know I don't want to like overstate this
but put differently it's like if you're
sending an email and the first person on
the email is the assistant and the
fourth person on the email is a CEO
you've probably done it wrong
>> and because the implication there is you
who you think is most important comes
first like who's first to put to mind
>> who are you really sending this to you
know what I mean is almost the way I
think and like who's kind of included so
like if I look at an email and I'm the
first person in the two, right?
Candidly, I I mildly pay more attention
to it than when I'm the fifth, right?
Because in my head, I'm like, "Okay,
well, like
>> this is really to Kevin and like I'm on
it." Like if you see an email sent to
many many many people, almost by
definition, it's not that important,
right? Is almost the way I would put it.
And so, you have to be really careful
with manage that. I think even the the
who do you send it to and who do you CC,
there's a language to that that like
from an etiquette perspective to
understand, right? And like I I do think
people sometimes miss that. Like the CC
line is very very valuable. It means,
hey, you should have a copy of this.
This is not really to you. I'm not
expecting an immediate response, right?
I even think there's even a subtlety
like who responds then. Like if you send
an email to 10 people CCD to the whole
nine yards, you know, there is a subtle
etiquette to like when you respond. Like
if you are the fifth CC on an email,
you're not expected to be the first
response. Again, you can break this
rule. Like, there are times to break it.
There's a subtlety to it, but it wasn't
really sent to you, right? Like, and so
there's a whole language to who you send
to and who you CC and the order that
like again, it's very subtle, but is
worth understanding.
>> So true, man. And you would think nobody
sees all these little things in the
Gmail thread, but you do. They're just
right there. see them. And I think
people, this is the whole thing about
etiquette is like it's all this
invisible stuff
>> that you don't need to spend like all in
some ways the whole story of doing this
well is it should not occupy 80% of your
brain, right? What you're saying is I've
got this, we're on the same wavelength,
my heart rate is low, I'm doing it
properly, and I'm doing it with like
intuitively almost, right? Which is a
hard ask, right? Because what we're
basically saying is like these are
unknown things, but intuitively you
should just know them. And that is
actually what you're signaling is like
you can trust me because intuitively
there's this well of knowledge and
cultural connection and whatever that we
can we can share effectively.
>> And if uh your BCC definitely do not
reply all.
>> Yeah. I mean I I have some unbelievably
funny faux paws from my history with
CCBC 2 lines. Um I one of the worst
etiquette slash mistakes I ever made.
Never ever ever put someone you're
talking about who's not on an email in
the two line to check the spelling of
their name and then hit send. That's a
bad idea, right? So, whatever you're
doing, that's not even an etiquette
thing. That's just like a being smart.
>> Proof reading thing.
>> Proofread. Proof read and don't send
emails to people about them that they're
not supposed to see.
>> And it's like Gmail makes it too easy to
do that because it adds them
automatically if you like talk. No, for
me it was more just like the way to
check the spelling of someone's name is
not to put them in the two field ever.
>> Yeah. Oh, bad. Okay. Oh, man. Well,
you're still you're still kicking, so
bad.
>> I'm still kicking.
>> Great. Okay. Uh, two more. Uh, meeting
etiquette.
>> Yeah. I mean, again, we've talked about
arriving a little bit early. You should
do that. Don't arrive up too too early.
Like, you shouldn't again like if you're
an hour early, walk around the block.
It's fine to walk around the block. You
don't want to sit in someone's office
because then all of a sudden it feels
like this person has been here a long
time. Like this feels like even though
they're not scheduled, like we're
leaving them hanging. You're six coffees
deep with the receptionist. Like you
don't want that, right? Like uh so I
think you want to be like 10 to 15
minutes early. You do not want to be
much earlier than that. Um we talked
about meeting other convenience. I do
think it's fine to start with a little
bit of small talk, right? uh you know
there are times it's not or times people
running behind but like the pleasantry
of like the weather is nice or how was
your weekend or like something that kind
of cuts cuts the air a little bit and
then you kind of flip into business is
like a good thing even though it like
feels transparent is still useful right
is what I would say uh to kind of like
and again it's it's almost a signal of
like I am here for business but I'm like
a normal person and like I'm willing to
have like a norm you're like signaling
like oh I know that we should start with
a normal conversation if that makes
sense. Right.
>> I don't know if you saw this on Twitter.
Someone described small talk as like the
TCP IP act handshake.
>> I love it. It's a great description. I
always I always describe it as like
imagine the modem crash from when we
were kids on a 144,
you know, like that old modem crash.
Like that's that's what small talk is.
It's a modem crash. We're trying to hit
the wavelengths, you know, etc. is like
>> so that you're ready to talk so that
you're ready to really communicate.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. um for meetings, virtual ones,
camera on. Like, and again, I say this
as someone who sometimes violates this,
right? I violate it knowingly. I violate
it knowing what it costs me, but you
really should have your camera on,
right? Um and again, like you should
dress appropriately for a video call.
You should have an appropriate
background. You know, if you have your
bed in your background, it should be
nicely made. You know what I mean? Like,
in some ways, it's like doing the easy
stuff is the key in some way. And I I go
a step further. I actually, this is this
is less a hard rule. I actually really
don't love virtual backgrounds for the
same reason. I'm like, look, I'm not
going to judge you if you're in your
bedroom, if you're a startup founder.
It's fine, but I would like to see that
your bed is made or like I'll give you
another one that's classic that I see
with founders all the time. Close your
closet. Like people will get on Zoom
calls and you'll be on a call and like
their closets open. And I'm like it's
not a big deal, but like do you see your
own self picture here? Like can you just
close your closet? I don't want to see
your shirts, you know? Like that that
type of stuff I think goes further than
people realize.
>> Awesome. Uh one other tip you had was
clean up after yourself if you're in a
real meeting. This is actually the
easiest way
>> and this, by the way, is for my partner
Kevin Collard, but the easiest way to
come off badly is to not offer to put
your coffee cup in the kitchen, right?
And like honestly, we do this like we
because like if you think about it, we
work for LPs, limited partners, right?
Like that's who we raise money from and
then deploy it from. And my partner
Kevin, even more than me, has this
thing, which is he is maniacal about
this, which is no matter who's in the
room, if we're with an LP, you take the
coffee, you take the diet coke, even if
you know full well someone's going to
come in and clean it back for you, and
you make a point of asking where we can
put it or putting on the side table,
etc., and acknowledging that there is a
mess. I feel that. Final topic is
exiting and leaving. What are some tips?
>> You should stand when people leave the
table, right? Not ridiculously, by the
way. you should go stand with the table.
Stand to shake hands. Don't be sitting
when you're shaking hands. It's just
what you do, right? And like it shows
that you're aware of it. Um follow up
with gratitude. Like you should send
people thank you notes. Even if they
shouldn't be long, they shouldn't be
ridiculous, but like we met, I got
something out of it. Like thank you for
taking your time is like always
appreciated. Uh is what I would say. Um
obviously there's stuff like don't take
calls, etc. Like this is kind of like
the kind of obvious stuff in terms of
exiting and how you think about it. Like
even if someone if someone rings you,
right, and you're like and the meeting's
over and you're over time, you're like,
I got to pick up this call. You hit the
button says, I'm calling you right back
and then walk away. Don't just pick up
the phone and like wave, you know, is
what I would say. Um yeah, and I I think
like there's stuff like that um that I
would just keep in mind.
>> They also had like don't make a
production if you're exiting, just like
just leave. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, again, I
don't like,
>> you know, Yes. I think that's really
true. It's I mean there there's even a
point to like there are lots of
scenarios where I think an Irish goodbye
is the best goodbye, but you just kind
of disappear. Like any large group
setting I think is great. Maybe you
thank one person on the way out of the
host, right? But like you know the the I
am leaving now, right? Like let me kind
of say goodbye to everyone and hug
everyone. It's too much. It's too much.
>> I love that. Okay, we got through
everything. Is there anything else that
you think might be important to share?
>> There's so much other stuff. I mean,
again, I go back to this whole thing,
which is like, you know, these are all
fun tips. I love the cartoons. We
iterated on them a bunch. We have more
to do. Like, I we're having a lot of fun
with this, and I think it is providing a
lot of value to people, which is great.
Like, that's kind of my goal is to both
have fun and actually provide value and
help people.
>> That intersection is great. There's a
thousand other tips and like so for the
biggest thing for me is when you have
more or think of them, send them to us
cuz like there'll be a second version of
the book and then a third and like I
actually really want to like cite the
people who contribute to it. Like the
book is what like 50 60 pages. It will
be a few hundred eventually and I think
there's a lot more to come and we're
going to be doing classes next year all
over the country and actually world.
We'll be we got we invited to do we're
going to do one in Tel Aviv.
>> Wow.
>> We're going to do one uh we're certainly
doing one in New York and a few other
places and you know it'll be fun.
>> This is uh oh my god you got a whole new
life forming here. I I you know the
funny thing is this stuff the etiquette
story is obviously pretty fun and so
like think people like Morning Brew who
just like keep making videos about this
and like there's this whole etiquette
thing going on and I'm like oh my god
I've done some pretty good investments
in my life built some cool products am I
going to be ultimately remembered as
like the etiquette guy that's kind of
hilarious that's what we're doing here
I'm into it I'm fine with that
>> so I'll read you have the TLDDR at the
beginning I'll just read this real quick
and add anything that we're missing so
this is just like what to do if you do
nothing else Remember the goal of all
etiquette is essentially building trust
and project genuine confidence.
Uh always maintain an abundance mindset.
Remember that you are worthy and have
nothing to prove and that it's okay to
ask questions and keep your heart rate
low. That's the points. If nothing else,
if you remember those points, you will
you will be served well.
>> There we go. Okay, I'm going to take us
to close out make this more of a regular
episode. I'm going to take us to two
recurring segments on the podcast. AI
Corner and Contrarian Corner. I don't
know if I told you I was going to ask
you these questions, but lay it on me. I
love cultur
depends what you mean by that.
>> So the question in AI corner is just
what's one way you found AI useful in
your work or life that might be helpful
for people to hear.
>> So look, I'm by default pretty skeptical
of most AI applications. I will say the
thing that I've had the most fun with
with the AI and I find great is actually
partially where the cartoons for this
came from is I built a little personal
news aggregator called letter meme that
basically takes all the newsletters I
don't have time to read and turns them
into daily cartoons like so I have a
grid of like what's going on in the
world as a front page in cartoons and I
actually love it. It's like the best way
I get an overview because there's all
these smart newsletters. You don't have
time to read any of them. So, I pipe
them all in
>> except
keep going.
>> And what except of course that one I
don't put in the aggregator. Although,
>> of course, I don't do that. Um, but uh
it's great. Uh, so I'm super into uh
into it. Uh,
>> and that's letter meme.com. Check it
out. I love this. I love this. So, this
is AI generated. Aggregates all the
important newsletters and creates a
little summary and a cartoon.
>> Yeah. And you can make your own. So,
like for me, I actually I'm looking at
this now. There's actually one thing
that got messed up on this we need to
change. But the uh yeah, the the uh the
idea is you basically get an email
digest once a day and it's continuously
updated like what's going on in the
world and you pipe your own newsletters
into it. So, it's like whatever you
actually trust and pay attention to.
>> Genius. And how did you build this? Was
it vibe coded? Did you have an engineer
help you?
>> Well, both actually. Like I actually the
vibe coding thing. This is exactly what
vibe coding is good for is like this is
like you know cursor and digital ocean
and cloudflare will get you a long way
in terms of just like building this
stuff on the fly and so I built the
first version of this myself end to end
but then live by coding also doesn't
really scale and so the reality is after
a certain point I had some friends who
are great engineers just take it and
like uplevel it in a few ways that I
honestly ran out of time to work on.
Well, let's go to Contrarian Corner. Uh,
this could be an entire podcast
conversation with you, I suspect, but
just like what's something you want to
share that you believe that most other
people don't believe?
>> I think that the venture capital the
seed venture capitalists who invest in
companies that are branded as AI
companies are going to lose an
impossibly large amount of money in the
coming years. Um,
and that doesn't mean that I don't think
you should be using AI to build things.
I actually think you absolutely should.
It's kind of like not using AI in your
startup is the equivalent of not using
the cloud in like 2010 or like not using
the internet in like 2000. It would be
insane. Like of course you're going to
use these tools. But there's a
difference between a great business that
you're using AI to supercharge or make
better or just as a piece of
infrastructure. That's not an AI
business. This is a business, right? And
I'm very into those versus like all of
these companies that come out whether
that say we are the AI blank. Um I just
I think they're all going to zero. uh
even you know my my kind of argument
about this from a seed perspective is
like look is open AAI a good investment
or not it's a terrible seed investment
right the way the numbers baked out even
at a $500 billion market cap when all
said and done the seed investors have
made something like 25 times their money
that's insane right if you think about
it like that's basically the worst it's
like a middling at best seed investment
for like the company that is defining
the moment and the reason is because
these things are so capital consumptive
so if you're trying to employ 100
million dollars. The market is
fragmented. You know, people want to
dream a dream. People like want
religion. They want belief. Like there
there's a bunch of reasons why you can
like squint and justify. And you know
what? If the storytelling of Elon allows
SpaceX, which by the way I love. I think
SpaceX is an awesome company. But if all
of a sudden that actually can be worth
1.4 trillion dollars to the public
market, guess what? The money powers are
going to do great with all this
narrative driven uh religion is what I
would put it. But if you're a
disciplined seed investor, I guess my
contrary take would be run away from
things that are AI companies. Uh because
even if you look smart for the moment,
you're you're playing a dangerous game
of get out uh before the narrative
collapses.
>> Wow, I love this. Okay, I want to follow
this story a little bit. So is the
you're saying because of the delilution
that goes along with
>> it's like they're too capital if they
work they're too capital intensive. Like
seed investing does not work in highly
capital intensive businesses. So like
that's not going to happen. two, they're
fundamentally commoditizing in all sorts
of ways. It's very unclear what the lock
in or value is on any of these things,
right? And so it's just like the whole
dynamic is off. And the thing is people
are desperate right now for things to
believe in. Like if you think about the
history, you know, we've done so well as
a country with Teranova. Like the US was
amazing for so many years because we had
the West and if you were going to work
hard, you could like go west and you'd
do great and like there was all this
opportunity, land of opportunity. We've
had reverberated like you know my
generation, your generation. We were
blessed because we had the internet. the
internet was digital teranova and like
we got to build fortunes and do amazing
stuff and new work being in this like
new world that was created but it was
effectively the same thing as a west all
over again right and ever since then
whether it's mobile which again if you
look at the math on it everyone wants to
be disruptive in teranova not really
it's just more internet right or like
crypto which by the way I think crypto
is amazing I think it's the closest
thing to teranova but to now the AI god
narratives every generation is desperate
for their teranova the story with good
reason, right? Like but but the story is
it has to be real, right? And I think
unfortunately this time this is a
classic example of AI is a powerful
tool. It's incredibly powerful for
existing businesses and existing
structures. It's not a great startup
opportunity.
>> So what is it you look for? Do you in do
you Yeah. What do you look for when
you're investing in AI startup?
>> Well, again, I won't invest in I would
consider an AI startup. I'll invest in
things that use AI. Right. Yeah, for me
I think I'm really interested in the
cultural implications of AI or the new
businesses that need to exist because it
is a force in the world. So we've done a
lot whether it's sublime security or
outtake things like that that are
basically all around the theme of the
void comp test from great bladeunner
which was the test they basically ran
are you a real or are you a bot right
like that's a huge problem
>> a turtle on their back
>> yeah like there's a whole like set of
companies that are like implications of
AI and how do you manage it and handle
it as a society there's a lot to do
there and there's a lot to do in
cultural shifts from AI right um with
you know there's all sorts of
interesting trends to follow there. Like
there's there's all sorts of businesses
that will be disrupted. They're like not
AI businesses. They're businesses that
will be disrupted in interesting way. So
I think there's a lot of opportunity,
but again, I think there's a I at least
draw a distinction between if you're
trying to be I mean certainly a
foundation model company, but like any
of these things that are like we're
going to win because AI, I'm like no,
you're going to win because of something
else, right? And AI is going to be a
propellant to it.
>> Sam, you're a fascinating human. I feel
like I could we could talk for hours. Is
there anything before we get to our very
exciting lightning round? Anything else
you wanted to
>> Look, I'm happy to be here. Like I love
your work. It's good to be on your
podcast. Happy to [__] whenever.
>> But no, we're good.
>> Okay. Well, with that, we've reached our
very exciting lightning round. I've got
five questions for you.
>> Five questions. I'm ready.
>> Five questions. What are two or three
books that you find yourself
recommending most to other people?
>> Ooh. Okay. So, let me pull up my list
cuz I I I got to pull up my Kindle for
this. Uh, one is I'm reading right now.
I gotta admit I like to make fun of Mark
Andre a lot, but he recommended a book
called The Ancient City, which is
fascinating. And so I'm in the middle of
that right now. I'm really enjoying it.
Um, Man's Search for Meaning is great.
Uh, I'm just going through what have I
read recently. You know what's great?
Area 51, an uncensored history of the
top secret military base. Not very
ariodite. Great book. And then I I
honestly think the one serious one I'll
make a recommendation on is uh Lessons
from History is like one of my favorite
books ever. Um I would really really
really recommend it. It's a short read.
Um but I would Lessons from History by
Alan Durant is like probably the most
approachable non-obvious book I love.
>> I did that one on Audible and it's you
just listen to it all like not like in a
couple hours.
>> It's a short read. It's not a long book.
I I honestly think from a
>> few hours
>> hours of investment to intellectual
return
>> my one real answer right now would be
that I could give you a thousand others
from I you know there are things like
>> the banana king have you heard of this
one have you seen this one
>> oh my god this is so good what's it
called this the fish that ate the whale
incredible book uh so is um the last
kings of Shanghai if you know that one
like these are all like amazing books
but they're longer and they're more
stories just everyone on the podcast
should go read Will Durant Okay. I love
it. Uh, favorite recent movie or TV show
that you've really enjoyed.
>> Oh, I gotta say, I mean, recent I think
Land Man is fabulous. Have you watched
Land Man?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> I I'm like really into it. That would be
my most recent take.
>> What's interesting about that show is
now uh tech companies are all super into
energy. And you know,
>> I talked to I talked to well, I'll tell
you a funny story which I talked to a
founder who's in uh Midland, Texas, and
which is kind of part of the show. And
it's so classic and typical. He's like,
"All these Silicon Valley people now
think they understand the energy
industry because they watched Land Man."
He's like, "So there's all He's like I'm
like it's like wild, but I totally
believe it because I know too many
venture capitalists are like, "Oh, I now
understand this because I watched Land
Man." And he's like, "This totally a
thing."
>> Yeah. I I would feel that. Okay.
Favorite product that you recently
discover they love. Could be like a
gadget, could be an app, could be
clothing, could be
>> Okay, I'll pitch, you know, I'll pitch
people on, this is a little self-
serving, but um I will pitch people on
June date. So, okay, I actually don't
use this product because I'm happily
married, but this is cool. And here's
the basic idea is if you think about so
much of AI right now, this goes back to
like what businesses do you overhaul
that are interesting that have AI
implications but are not AI. So
everyone's got this like whole virtual
girlfriend loneliness, you're going to
chat with your friend, like whatever,
fine. These guys came out and what they
do is they're like, look, if we're
really trying to match up humans, like
call it Tinder 2.0, one of the best
sources of information to do that is
their chat GPT histories. So this app is
kind of built around the premise of
distilling. You ask chatgbt a structure
prompt that they've designed. It pulls
out an unbelievably good profile of who
you are and then you basically match
with people based on like what you're
actually asking chat GPT about and the
implications of who you are and that the
fun part is I haven't obviously done
dates on it again not for me but I have
pulled my profile from like wow this is
like shockingly good description of who
I actually am. And so I think that's
like a really fun business.
>> That's it's like that prompt that the
chat GBT folks once had of just like
draw visualize my space based on
everything you know about me and it's it
was like holy moly a lot.
>> It's pretty good.
>> And so so in this dating app I love this
idea. This is so good. So do people read
that? Are they able to see that as your
profile or something?
>> It's it's it's a little abstracted from
that and like but it's like the matching
and the core thing is like based on it
and it's like again I'm like I was like
wow like this is good like
>> and it's goes on dates for you. Okay. So
it's like it simulates what the date
might be like between you two
potentially
>> I guess.
>> Yeah. Your AI goes on dates for you
receives one high match each one
carefully like Wow. So fun.
>> It's good. I again if you're single I
tried
>> with my newsletter at one point I was
like oh you know
>> honestly the people who read my
newsletter are pretty weird and specific
and so hey why don't I just like offer a
matchmaking service where I'm like okay
if you read my newsletter really you're
here tell me who you are I will like
build a little LLM and try to match
these people didn't work for me because
candidly you know what happened way too
many qualified women and not enough men
I just don't have the liquidity like I
have hundred great women who murder in
being like, "Hey, this is what I'm
looking for. This is who I am." You're
like, "You are an amazing person." And
then like the four guys who write in are
like, "I want a 25year-old hot
girlfriend." You're like, "Ah, this is
not going to work." But June and Dane
might have the liquidity to make it
work.
>> By the way, your newsletter is awesome.
Tell people where to find it while we're
on the top.
>> You actually can't like I just kind of
like there's no way to sign up for it.
Um, if you send me an email,
>> perfect.
>> If you send me an email lesson atgmail,
I'm fine. like then I you get if I
respond, you get automatically added. I
basically just like that's how I like
people I'm interacting with get added or
I'll just add you. But I it's actually
funny. There's not I
>> Oh, well, you know what you can do
actually that'll get you on it is if you
go to wlesson.com
less wlein.com
I have my little like bot app up that
like includes like a little LLM that
kind of is trained on my writing just
because I was having fun building it. If
you enter your email address there and
talk to it, it will add you. Um, but no,
there's not like a signup page.
>> Okay. I love I love this contrarian
growth strategy. No, no, you can't
really sign up. Okay, that's great.
Okay, two more questions. Uh, do you
have a favorite life motto that you find
yourself coming back to often in work or
in life?
>> No, but I will say that I have hanging
in my gym, which I love from the
Facebook hackathon after the launch of
Plus. This is going way back in history.
They made great posters which was uh
Carthage must burn and it was just like
this great moment in work time when it
was like okay game on like Google's
coming for us like let's and I had some
of the most fun work experiences. We
were working literally 24 hours a day
like past midnight every night was in
that period and I love that poster. So
Carthage must burn. How about that?
Great. Final question. You are a fellow
podcaster. Uh I really enjoy your
podcast called More or Less. It's very
cleverly named because of lesson and the
Moors.
>> We love our lesson. We also like my wife
and I are contrarians and hate
everything by default and the Morins
like think everything is amazing. So it
kind of works from a dynamic
perspective.
>> I love it. And Dave Moren, Brett Morren,
just to be clear and your wife, she runs
the information.
>> Yeah. So she's good at prompting us with
what's actually going on in the world
and then we just [__] about it.
>> So what's uh what's something you've
learned from that experience? I don't
know. any surprises about podcasting?
>> So, here's the thing. I think people
like it's kind of a weird podcast in
some ways because honestly, I don't
think any of us are highly filtered and
it's kind of just like talking to your
friends for an hour a week, which I want
to do. Like, I love the world. We don't
live that close to them. So, it's kind
of fun to just like have that time set
aside and then cut it up and post on the
internet pretty raw. Um, here's the
funny thing about it. It's fine. It
serves our purposes way more than I
actually expected it to, which is we
enjoy doing it, which is the most
important part. We would do it if no one
was listening. And weirdly, like a lot
of our friends and people we care about
in the industry seem to pick up pieces
they like from it and like talk to us
about it. So, it's like a great
conversation starter. Um, so it's like
weird is like I don't like it's not a
huge podcast. it's big enough, but it's
it's I actually think the thing that's
been most surprising to me about it is
though even though like we don't really
have growth strategies and like we're
not trying to blow it up and like we
don't get paid for it, it's like weirdly
useful is what I would say. Um, you
know, even the fact that it's like, you
know, is I don't know. I'm not sure if
that's your experience too, but like and
I think your podcast is probably much
larger than ours, but um it's like
weirdly listened to and useful by the
people that like we care about um and is
fun
>> despite the fact that
>> you know it's not like a I don't know
it's not all in or something
>> yet. I don't think it ever will be. It's
like way too niche, you know, like um
but we have fun. I mean, I would I would
happily do it with my friends if no one
was listening. And then it's like that's
kind of wild that a bunch of people that
we actually do care about find the
pieces that are interesting. And it
actually is helpful from a business
perspective because you [__] about
something and then some entrepreneur
shows up is like, hey, by the way,
here's a better idea. You're like,
that's great. Sam, you're awesome. This
was such a fun chat. Very different from
my regular podcast. I think people will
find this extremely interesting and
useful as I thought and also fun. Two
final questions. Where can folks find
you online if they want to reach out for
check?
>> My look, our venture firm is called Slow
Ventures slow.co. Um I'm Sam Lesson. I'm
kind of lesson everywhere whether it's
like Twitter or Instagram or whatever
you used. Um or just lesson atgmail is
my last name is is my email address and
I do read it. So I don't know. I
appreciate you having me on. It's always
fun to see you. It's been too long. Um
and I don't know. Come hang out in the
pool house sometime.
>> Okay. I love I love this this as an
excuse to hang out. Sam, thank you so
much for being here. Hey, great to see
you. Bye everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcast, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.